hey guys it's mega John John 77 with the
lego minecraft block tutorial part 6 and
I have a lot of blocks to show you guys
so here's the quadrant so the quadrant
is really easy to make you just get this
gray dark gray crate piece and if you
want to fill it up with water or lava
however you want you just put a 2 by 2
brick in there there you go as a
quadrant next is a cactus so to give a
cactus its
spiked enos I guess you get a 2 by 2
plate with a rounded version and a 2 by
2 brick and I'm just gonna stack those
up over and over so there's the cactus
next is the sign so I'm going to get a
brown cylinder piece a 2x1 my tube brown
brick and I'm gonna put the circle right
on that circle right there
so I gives it the sign effect and then
I'm going to put a tile on top on my two
brown tile and there you go a sign put
it right there
so next is the torch so I'm gonna get a
1 by 1 round brick put a 1 by 1 white
tile on top and then a 1 by 1 orange
flat tile on top so that's a torch
next is the redstone torch it's this
basically the exact same thing but with
different colors so I'm going to get a
brown 1 by 1 brick a see-through yellow
and then put a see-through or I don't
know what you would call that color neon
I guess neon red on top so that's the
redstone torch
and to put these torches on the side of
a wall if you want to you can put get
this this kind of piece and make
into a 2x2 with the tile on top and then
you can put the torch on that so that it
can be leaning on a wall and if you want
to put it on the floor like this you can
just put a stud on the bottom and then
put it in between the studs so that's
how the torches work next is the piston
so I'm going to get a 2 by 2 dark red
brick a light gray Lego stud and we're
gonna put that in the middle of that
then I'm going to get a 1 by 1 dark tan
piece which it isn't too easy to find
but I got this from the smallest hobbits
it now I'm gonna put it on the stud then
we're going to put a 2 by 2 dark tan
tile on top for the piston and there you
go on activated piston you can put it
facing upwards to the side and if I want
to deactivate the piston I just take out
that 1 by 1 in the Lego stud and just
put this on top of the brick so that's
the piston and then last but not least
we have another type of minecart track
it's the activated rail I guess you
would call it so I'm going to do the
same thing with these minecart tracks
I'm going to put the 1 by 4 Brown tiles
on there like that and for the activated
rails I'm going to put red jumper plates
like this on top of the 1 by 4 plates
and then I'm gonna get 2 yellow 1 by 4
tiles and put them on there like this
so look end up looking like this and
then from the vehicle tutorial you can
put your mind cart on and slide them
across so thank you guys for watching
and I'll see you guys next time